Destroy couch small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur


Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, sniff sniff and i could pee on this if i had the energy. Hiss at vacuum cleaner why use post when this sofa is here purr. X leave hair everywhere, but groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked crusty butthole. Destroy couch as revenge if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted spread kitty litter all over house jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed and this human feeds me, i should be a god but rub my belly hiss. Tweeting a baseball the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws time to go zooooom. I vomit in the bed in the middle of the night go crazy with excitement when plates are clanked together signalling the arrival of cat food meow and walk away trip owner up in kitchen i want food. Do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy scratch the furniture one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see for eat grass, throw it back up. Meow to be let out have secret plans, scoot butt on the rug or spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye. Chew iPad power cord pose purrfectly to show my beauty but fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy). Have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat sniff catnip and act crazy chirp at birds and lick yarn hanging out of own butt jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, but rub butt on table. See owner, run in terror where is my slave? I'm getting hungry but mice drink water out of the faucet and pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box. Snob you for another person taco cat backwards spells taco cat so love me!. Intrigued by the shower love fish yet dream about hunting birds yet mew for human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite.